---
layout: post
title: Week of 9 Oct – 15 Oct
date: 2017-10-13
---

**My past week**

I began this week by learning React. I spent maybe 16 hours looking through every single line of a React webpage my friend made and think I've got a pretty good grasp on it now. Now it's time to write my own for SWE. Other than that, I've been looking for an apartment for next year. I also spent a large chunk of time working on programming problems for fun. To close off the week I went to Houston for a 24 hour hackathon on Friday. 

All in all it was a pretty busy week. 

**What's in my way?**

Finding an apartment that is in my price range has been a bit of a headache. Other than that, not getting enough sleep during the night is a reoccuring issue that leads to me being unable to pay attention in class.

**Next week?**

This coming week, I need to find the willpower to continue sending applications to companies after receiving so many rejection emails. 

I also need to catch up on all my classwork.

**What's my experience of the class?**

The SWE test was alright. I blasted through the canvas portion and then blanked on how to get the digits of a number without using some type of container. Luckily, I figured it out in the last 15 minutes, but I felt like that question didn't challenge my understanding of python as much as my understanding of modulo. At the same time, it's a pretty simple problem that I should have been able to solve, so the blame is mostly on me.

**Pick-of-the-week**

After my hackathon experience this past week, I've reconfirmed that I am awful at front end work. My tip to everyone is to get better at the things they're bad at, even if they think they don't have some natural penchant for it. A lot of times, I tell myself "I don't like doing X", when I really mean "I'm bad at doing X". I think it's important for software engineers to have a large breadth of skills and experience to pull from.