---
layout: post
title: Week of 4 Sep – 10 Sep
date: 2017-09-09
---

**My past week**

Unfortunately, my laptop screen broke the week before this one. On the other hand, I've been looking for an excuse to replace that thing.
This week my new laptop came in and I've spent a decent amount of time setting it up how I like.

For school, I've pretty much spent the past week trying to get as much schoolwork done in preparation for career fair next week. 
Saving Collatz for last, I've finished most of my other classes work. I also updated my resume for career fair and started looking at online applications.
I also finalized my class schedule for this semester after playing a long game of watching waitlists.

**Next week?**

Collatz is next on my plate, and after that is career fair. And after that, my weekly classwork cycles back around.

The grind is here.

**What's in my way?**

Without wanting to be too dramatic, time is in my way. 
Currently sitting on multiple incomplete projects from the summer, I wish I had made better use of my time during summer.
It feels like everything I've put off has caught up to me, and now I have schoolwork to deal with as well. 

**What's my experience of the class?**

I don't like reading, so the weekly textbook requirement is pretty rough. On the other hand, I found the short articles for this week pretty interesting.
It could be a problem of attention span. Also, Collatz has me a bit worried since I'm not too comfortable with git. I usually just type commands and stuff happens.
But, I suppose if there was a class to finally learn how to do things correctly, this would be it.

**Pick-of-the-week**

Competitive programming at UT is cool. Every other Friday there is a contest, usually starting around 6pm. 
This past Friday was the kick off for this year and over 200 students came out and submitted at least one solution.
There's a lot of cool things about UT competitive programming, but the best is how all of the contest problems are written by UT students.
That's insane. Check it out.

