---
layout: post
title: Week of 20 Nov – 3 Dec
date: 2017-12-01
---

**My thoughts on CS373 Software Engineering**

As a preface to this post, I want to say a lot of my negativity stems from finals and the end of the semester nearing. 

For me, Downing himself isn't a boring lecturer, but the subjects he lectures on are boring. I think too large of a portion of the semester was spent learning python. Later on in the semester, the lectures over SQL felt disappointingly surface level. The first week of class mentioned tools such as git and docker, yet the rest of the semester felt lacking when it came to demonstrating modern techniques and technologies.

Also, I wish there were lectures on web technologies. As my team's front-end guy, during the semester I found myself reading a lot on the "history" of web development. How did we get from plain HTML to the frameworks and librarys we have now? I think this would be an interesting and feasible series of lectures.

Going into the class, I didn't know anyone else taking it so I joined a random group. I reluctantly gravitated towards front-end and the class forced me to learn about an area of development that I've never appreciated. The project is definately what the class is all about. I had a great time cooridinating with other students and learning independantly. I'm glad I took this class and ended up working on front-end, because I probably would never have done this of my own accord.

Students looking to make their lives much easier should find someone who knows front-end to work with.

For the blogs, I don't like the "What did I do this week?" style questions because most weeks there's nothing meaningful to say. I'd rather have less frequent (bi-weekly?) posts over any topic and a longer word requirement.

For the quizzes, I initially thought that it was pretty unfair as CS students often miss class for interviews, but after seeing that the quiz count for the semester is going to be 41 (and only the top 30 are taken for a grade), I feel much better about it.

The tests are ok.

**Conclusions**

If someone asked me, "Should I take this class?", I'd probably say yes. I think for most people it would be a positive experience because it's at least a class that regularly expects you to write code on your own and explore new technologies. 
Downing says it's a class that you can get a lot from if you put forth the effort, and I think that's a good way to put it. 
