---
layout: post
title: Week of 11 Sep – 17 Sep
date: 2017-09-17
---

**My past week**

I hate career fair. Last year I nervous, so my approach this year was to behave honestly. I might have come off as unprofessional to a lot of recruiters but at least I feel like I was more confident. Overall though, I think I failed to impress anyone. Hopefully I'll be proven wrong in the coming week.

**Next week?**

This week I'll continuing to work on homework and cleaning up my small projects from summer. I will also spend this week working on brushing up on competitve programming problems for any potential interviews and coding challenges, as well as a desire to do well on this Friday's UT competitive programming competition.

**What's in my way?**

I need to stay grounded. One of the main sources of pain and stress from this week was from comparing myself to other people. I need to remind myself to just work at my own pace and do what I think is correct. I just need to continously improve my skills and do things in my own style.

**What's my experience of the class?**

Collatz might have been boring for a lot of people, but as someone who never bothered to learn git properly, I'm glad I was able to use Collatz as an excuse to do that. I already know most of what we're covering in class, but I think it's still nice to hear it repeated. I'm looking forward to forming groups soon. I think I can learn a lot from the other students in the class.


**Pick-of-the-week**

Puzzle hunts are cool. On Saturday Quora held their first puzzle hunt at UT. On Sunday, Palantir also held their first puzzle hunt at UT. A puzzle hunt is just what it sounds like, you get together with some friends and solve puzzles that test skills like word association, pattern recognition, and sometimes your resourcefulness (how good you are at googling something). The most famous one is the MIT Mystery Hunt. I hope more companies decide to hold puzzle hunts at UT. I hope more students come out to these puzzle hunts as well, so that companies will have more reason to set up puzzle hunts at UT. Go to puzzle hunts.