---
layout: post
title: Week of 28 Aug – 3 Sep
date: 2017-09-03
---

**Class Expectations**

	I've never taken a course with Professor Downing but I've heard only good things about the classes that he teaches.
	After reading that groups will be random, I'm looking forward to working with the other students in the class, almost all of whom I've never met before.
	I think this class will be hard for me because I haven't had much exposure to creating a website or to many of the tools listed, but I'm hoping that by the end I will have learned a lot.

**My past week**

	This past week I moved back into the dorms and met up with some friends again.
	I also did the usual textbook gathering and syllabus reading. 
	I've also been spending time setting goals for the month of September such as finishing some projects and going to the gym more. I'm hoping I can start the year out with some good habits.

**What's in my way?**

	In contrast to life over the summer, being back in Austin surrounded by friends lends itself to a lot of distractions. 
	Although, it's more likely that I will end up distracting myself and procrastinating.

**Next week?**

	This coming week I want to get school out of the way as soon as possible in order to focus on finishing leftover projects from summer.
	Schoolwork is starting and I don't want to get stuck constantly trying to catch up on material.

**What's my experience of the class?**

	I surprised when Downing called on a random student to answer some questions. 
	It scares me that Downing isn't afraid to put people on the spot but I think I'll come to accept it as a reasonable way of keeping students focused.
	I like how Downing has done notes so far, typing into a text editor.

**Pick-of-the-week**

	[Learnxinyminutes](https://learnxinyminutes.com/) is a nice site with basic tutorials for a wide range of programming languages. 
	The tutorials are written in a concise way that expects some amount of familiarity with the language, making the site great for brushing up on something you haven't used in a while.